Benchmark test for heat sector (#524)
rl-institut/mvs_eland: docs/simulating_with_the_mvs.rst

You can see an implemented example here, where the heat pump has a time-dependent efficiency:

.. csv-table:: Example for defining a scalar parameter as a time series
   :file: files_to_be_displayed/example_scalar_as_timeseries_energyConversion.csv
   :widths: 70, 30, 50
   :header-rows: 1

> Also, the benchmark test in tests/benchmark_test_inputs/AFG_grid_heatpump_heat provides exemplary data for adding a time series for a parameter (energy_price in this case).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The benchmark test in `tests/benchmark_test_inputs/AFG_grid_heatpump_heat` (:TestACElectricityBus.test_benchmark_AFG_grid_heatpump_heat:) provides a complete set of input data for adding a time series for a parameter (`energy_price `in this case).
```
